0.  an invented long word said to mean a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.
1.  returns usage of specified resource that we can declare in a few ways (basically returns the usage statistic of the who variable into the rusage 
    struct (do a man getrusage in a linux terminal)
2.  By standard, rusage has 16 variables, 14 of which are long types, and 2 of them being timeval struct type variables
3.  Because before and after are of type struct rusage and we want to take only one of the properties' values that is contained within before and after
4.  In each iteration it checks/scans each character in the line and store valid characters/letter in the word[] array, one by one per index. (i.e.
    starting from index 0). If during scanning it detects a number, then the word is invalid and it will be ignored, thus not counted into the word 
    counter, and loop would go to next iteration. This will also occur if the word length is deemed to long to be a word (from the definitions, 
    this would mean that if there are more than 45 characters in that line, than that is not a valid word). However if index pointer has reached a 
    point where the character is not a proper letter or valid alphabet, and all the previous requirements (i.e. length not too long and so far no 
    numbers detected), then it is decided that the word is proper. The loop then proceeds to call check, to see whether the word in the word is 
    mispelled or not, in which case the mispelled word is printed as well as adding it to the word counter. If iteration is successful, then the loop
    goes to the next iteration to scan for the next word/line and so on until the end of file
5.  fscanf would require us to get a string each line, and thus to detect EOF and any of the characters for a mispelling would mean we need to iterate 
    over each string per line. Since looping over a file would still likely require us to do a while or for loop, this would invoke a secondary for or
    while loop per line for each scanned word, effectively meaning an O(n^2) run time compared to the much faster linear runtime that we get for per 
    character scanning.
6.  Because we want to give the arguments of the functions (a dictionary into load, and a word into check, respectively), without changing the actual
    content of the arguments (i.e. we have no intention of changing the actual content of the dictionary or word that we load). Hence the constant
    declaration for it.
